Add service_msgs package (#143)
ros2/rcl_interfaces: service_msgs/QUALITY_DECLARATION.md

### ABI Stability Within a Released ROS Distribution [1.v]/[1.vi]

`service_msgs` does not contain any C or C++ code and therefore will not affect ABI stability.

## Change Control Process [2]

`service_msgs` follows the recommended guidelines for ROS Core packages in the [ROS 2 Developer Guide](https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/Contributing/Developer-Guide.html#quality-practices).

### Change Requests [2.i]

This package requires that all changes occur through a pull request.

### Contributor Origin [2.ii]

This package uses DCO as its confirmation of contributor origin policy. More information can be found in [CONTRIBUTING](../CONTRIBUTING.md).

### Peer Review Policy [2.iii]

Following the recommended guidelines for ROS Core packages, all pull requests must have at least 1 peer review.

### Continuous Integration [2.iv]

All pull request must pass CI on all [tier 1 platforms](https://www.ros.org/reps/rep-2000.html#support-tiers)

### Documentation Policy [2.v]

All pull requests must resolve related documentation changes before merging.

## Documentation

### Feature Documentation [3.i]

> `service_msgs` has a list of provided [messages and services](README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`service_msgs` has a list of provided [ROS interfaces](README.md).
```

Reviewer: [8d94ae8](https://github.com/ros2/rcl_interfaces/pull/143/commits/8d94ae84e4ad1e533f0c7d57419024fca0ac1c08)

> New messages and services require their own documentation in order to be added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New interfaces require their own documentation in order to be added.
```

Reviewer: [8d94ae8](https://github.com/ros2/rcl_interfaces/pull/143/commits/8d94ae84e4ad1e533f0c7d57419024fca0ac1c08)

There is an automated test which runs a linter that ensures each file has a license statement.

The nightly test can be found at [here](http://build.ros2.org/view/Rpr/job/Rpr__rcl_interfaces__ubuntu_focal_amd64/lastCompletedBuild/testReport/)

### Copyright Statements [3.iv]

The copyright holders each provide a statement of copyright in each source code file in `service_msgs`.

There is an automated test which runs a linter that ensures each file has at least one copyright statement.

The nightly test can be found at [here](http://build.ros2.org/view/Rpr/job/Rpr__rcl_interfaces__ubuntu_focal_amd64/lastCompletedBuild/testReport/)

## Testing [4]

`service_msgs` is a package providing strictly message and service definitions and therefore does not require associated tests and has no coverage or performance requirements.

## Dependencies [5]

### Direct Runtime ROS Dependencies [5.i]/[5.ii]

`service_msgs` has the following runtime ROS dependencies, which are at **Quality Level 1**:
* `builtin_interfaces`: [QUALITY DECLARATION](../builtin_interfaces/QUALITY_DECLARATION.md)

> * `rosidl_default_runtime`: [QUALITY DECLARATION](https://github.com/ros2/rosidl_defaults/tree/master/rosidl_default_runtime/QUALITY_DECLARATION.md)

Reviewer: Commenting to remind us to update this line to `rosidl_core_runtime`.

Reviewer: [8d94ae8](https://github.com/ros2/rcl_interfaces/pull/143/commits/8d94ae84e4ad1e533f0c7d57419024fca0ac1c08)

* `unique_identifier_msgs`: [QUALITY DECLARATION](https://github.com/ros2/unique_identifier_msgs/tree/master/QUALITY_DECLARATION.md)

It has several "buildtool" dependencies, which do not affect the resulting quality of the package, because they do not contribute to the public library API.

### Direct Runtime Non-ROS Dependencies [5.iii]

`service_msgs` does not have any runtime non-ROS dependencies.

## Platform Support [6]

`service_msgs` supports all of the tier 1 platforms as described in [REP-2000](https://www.ros.org/reps/rep-2000.html#support-tiers), and tests each change against all of them.

Currently nightly results can be seen here:
* [linux-aarch64_release](https://ci.ros2.org/view/nightly/job/nightly_linux-aarch64_release/lastBuild/testReport/service_msgs/)
* [linux_release](https://ci.ros2.org/view/nightly/job/nightly_linux_release/lastBuild/testReport/service_msgs/)

> * [mac_osx_release](https://ci.ros2.org/view/nightly/job/nightly_osx_release/lastBuild/testReport/service_msgs/)

Reviewer: We no longer run CI for mac
```suggestion
```

Reviewer: [8d94ae8](https://github.com/ros2/rcl_interfaces/pull/143/commits/8d94ae84e4ad1e533f0c7d57419024fca0ac1c08)
